for bookworms to miss reading into quiet
confines of a library here's a cafe that
gives you the feel of a library with
services to keep you comfortable for
seven months now tweedle book cafe has
been giving its customers the space to
indulge in their reading pleasures I had
a dream before and I was dead I seen a
kid ever since I wanted to build a
public library because I saw how many
that you can learn through books so
things beyond what you can learn from
school so we can learn through books
like different cultures different
characters people what is wide selection
of book titles and comfortable space
it's so easy to just relax and be in the
company of a good read but since taking
home the books is not yet an option the
cafe has got you covered with a variety
of beverages you can drink while you
read
aside from coffee tweedle also serves
tease wine beer and the house special
hot chocolate in 12 flavors hot saw it
is from the Tahari chamber in Cebu so
they were trying to like uplift our
Filipino also and
so they made a lot of products out of
our Philippine cacao and then one of
those is the hot chocolate that we serve
here very deserve here while most cafes
specialize in a wide selection of
pastries tweedle prides itself with
savory dishes and just like the books on
the shelves food here not only can
satisfy your tummy but can help open up
your minds to various cuisines as well
take for instance the signature dish
duck Duck Duck which presents three ways
to enjoy duck consists of smoked duck
breast and then have the duck Cece grace
so it's actually duck leg confit and
then we got that succinctly and then we
have the foie gras the salmon de su
gives a twist to the teriyaki salmon by
adding pork floss for extra flavor while
the classic cheeseburger gets a Korean
twists with that Kim cheeseburger
replacing lettuce with kimchi this
burger surely gives a kick with every
bite for those who prefer a meatless
dish meat miss Marguerite a tomato-based
pasta with three kinds of basil fresh
dried and pesto
with a busy cafe scene in the Metro to
wheedle book cafe is indeed a breath of
fresh air not only does it give you a
comfortable space for get-togethers and
meetings but it also brings back the
excitement and joy of reading